## Rules

**No Raiding/Griefing**
All forms of raiding and griefing are forbidden in an effort to keep the server fun and fair for everyone. We have taken precautions to prevent this, however it may still be possible in certain cases. Please note that this does not extend to the usage of glitch bases, which are still allowed as long as they remain unpatched by the map developers.

**No Racism or Hate Speech**
Any form of racism, slurs, or hate speech is strictly prohibited. This includes offensive language, imagery, or content aimed at any individual or group based on race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, or any other characteristic.

**Avoid Sensitive Topics**
Please refrain from discussing or sharing memes about politics, religion, or other sensitive topics. These conversations often lead to unnecessary conflicts and are not appropriate for this server.

**Enjoy Yourself**
Have fun and enjoy your time here! Engage positively with others and make the most out of your experience.

**Consequences for Rule Violations**
These rules apply to both this Discord server and our Unturned server(s). Violating any of these rules may result in a warning, temporary ban, or permanent ban, depending on the severity of the offense. Moderators will handle situations on a case-by-case basis.

## Factions

### The Lost Militia

The Lost Militia is a neutral survivor faction focused on helping players survive the apocalypse on the new California 2 map. While safe zones exist for trading and NPCs, our checkpoints are built to help survivors out in the wild with food, medical supplies, ammo, tools, transport, and protection. You will not be stopped or questioned for passing through checkpoints. All survivors are welcome!

**Lore:**<br>
Our commander sacrificed everything to save our lives when the world collapsed. Since then, we’ve been rebuilding checkpoints across the map to protect survivors and keep the region alive.

**Disclaimer:**<br>
***This is not a strict RP server!** You are free to survive, build, loot, explore, and play normally across the map. Lost Militia checkpoints are simply here to help returning players get acquainted with the new map and its intricacies and bridge the gap for newcomers.*
﻿
***Please do not interfere with Lost Militia operations or facilities!** The Lost Militia checkpoints are neutral aid zones built to help all players. You are welcome to stop by, trade, rest, or continue your journey. Please help keep them nice for everyone. All server rules still apply.*

**Checkpoint Locations:**
- Elkhorn Checkpoint
- Berkley Checkpoint
- Presto Checkpoint
- Scott’s Checkpoint

**Checkpoint Services:**
- Food
- Medical supplies
- Weapons & ammo
- Tools
- Vehicle support
- Safe checkpoints for travellers

**Radio SOS:**<br>
If you need help or are lost, trapped, injured, or surrounded by infected, contact the Lost Militia by radio or use in-game chat by pressing (J). Lost Militia members will prioritize their own safety, so calling from a radio tower will increase your chances of being located and assisted.

Please reach out to @Slay in the Discord server if you have questions related to this faction.

## Commands

The following commands are available to all players in-game:
- **/discord**: Join the discord
- **/ping**: Check your connection latency (ms)
- **/home**: Teleport to your claimed bed
- **/tell [player]**: Send a private message to another player
- **/reply**: Reply to the last private message sent to you
- **/tpa [player]**: Request to teleport to another player
	- **/tpa c**: Cancel outgoing teleport request
	- **/tpa a**: Accept incoming teleport request
	- **/tpa d**: Deny incoming teleport request
- **/cv [vote]**: Call a vote (all votes require 50% player acceptance to pass unless otherwise specified)
	- **/cv a**: Request airdrop
	- **/cv d**: Change time to day
	- **/cv k [player]**: Request to kick player (75% required to pass)
	- **/cv nr**: Change weather to clear

## Support

To keep our community enjoyable for everyone, we utilize a centralized support system through our Discord Server. To ensure your request is seen, please create a post under #issues in the Discord.

If submitting a player report, please make sure to include the following information (reports without evidence will be discarded):
- Player name
- Screenshot/video evidence
- Time/date of the incident (including your time zone)

Our staff are here to help, but they must also follow the rules. If you have a complaint regarding a specific staff member's behavior, please send a direct message on Discord to the server owner, rather than opening a standard ticket.
